there's a green pool like an airplane closing the house with a grey roof .
the ground track playground is close to a road .
there is a plunging pond with trails in the middle of a square surrounded by a few trees .
the sectoral square on the lawn lies between a grey house and a circumferential road .
huge words of awd arena are writed int the blearchers of the stadium .
this is an airport where several planes are parked or by taxi .
this is a tract of bareland where there are basins of maroon soil .
the square with a circular pond and lawn is surrounded by some trees .
there are somee big gray columnar tanks linking to each other by pipes .
there's a lot of roads around the lake .
among the trees there is a playground and some buildings near an agricultural land .
there are four polygonal pond close to each other .
a row of trees were planted around the parking lot .
there is a factory with grey roads and roofs .
a round metal building and some trees are surrounded by circular roads .
there are buildings in the park with dense trees .
the playground with yellowish turf is located beside the river and there is a treelined path .
there is a white grandstand on the side of the ground track field .
there is an unpaved path through the meadow where we can see trees and tree shades .
there are some shadows with blurred edges scattered around the naked earth .
the mountain is green and brown .
in front of the house there is a blue circular bath .
the t-shaped viaduct is next to some houses .
the old, brown exercise yard is decorated by some trees .
no plants were planted on the bare earth .
there is a parking lot between two grassland of three columnar storage tanks .
there is a square stadium with roof buildings and parking around .
next to two vertically crossed roads there is a factory with white and blue buildings .
near a farmland a house with an orange pited roof and a swimming pool is located on a lawn with coconut planting .
the football field and two basketball courts are a aprt of this irregular area near the construction site .
a road u is next to the residential .
there are trees on the beach .
the houses are built side by side close to two roads with bare trees .
an irregular curve of metal construction is faced with a river and a boat moored behind which are some square buildings .
decorated with trees, the houses are in tight rows in curved profiled blocks .
an irregular pattern with shredded edges can be seen on the desert .
the square agricultural land that is cream and light green color contains a few blocks .
the mountain here has red earth and green trees .
the round area is a large baseball field .
the rounded metal building rhombus is surrounded by a river and roads as well as a long narrow parking and lawns .
near an area of buildings there is a port built on the beach .
the rectangular area with fense contains a white building,a football field and two basketball courts .
cree viaducts cross the river .
there is a service area in the corner of the viaduct with three circles .
dense residential areas on both sides of the road .
a parterra de sukare is located in the center of the square which is surrounded by a few trees .
a large number of storage tanks were built in the plant .
many large trees were planted around the stadium .
two yellow roofs were built next to the road .
on the road and a parking there are cars parked or driving .
three tennis courts scattered on both side of this curved road .
you can see a snowy green mountain .
several buildings and green trees are around a stadium with a football pitch in it .
a port near a residential area has sea walls and some boats are moored there .
the main color of this street basketball court is gray .
near buildings and hills, the port has a seewall connecting two islands .
many large trees were planted near the harbour .
many large trees are planted around the baseball field .
many ships sail on the river .
the grey roof house is surrounded by large trees .
the river flows through the high mountain .
some trees were planted around the airport .
the field is divided into several parts with corners rounded by runways and parking apron decorated with aircraft .
the stadium with a white ceiling radiating toward the center has some angles in its field .
a wide viaduct with three ramps shaped like clover leaves .
the school with a large track ground is surrounded by the saddle-shaped river .
the park with playgrounds is surrounded by dense houses .
between two residential areas there are some factory buildings as well as roads and two overflights .
the dark green forest is dense and hermetic .
the green bottle lattice farmland is near a pond .
there are storage tanks built next to a dock .
waves crash up on the beach where some plants exist .
the park with a rectangular bareland is surrounded by roads .
a blue blue plygon building with pyramidal roof is located between the streets of other square buildings and parking lots .
a row of large trees were planted around the fields .
dark grey advertising is in one of the four parts the long split cross .
many trees are planted near the station .
the plant is built on grassy soil .
there are many white columnar tanks of different sizes near a stretch of saddle shaped road .
many major roads have been built on the ground .
a square stage with parked car lines are located near a road .
among the mountains there is a winding river with buildings and roads built along .
the building surrounded by airplanes is sandwiched between two airport runways is composed of an oval building and several long narrow buildings .
many large trees were planted around the house with a brown roof .
many trees and lawns are planted on both sides of the road .
the small green roof house is under the trees .
there is a great stadium in the center of the earth .
on the beach there are some plants divided into three fields by paths .
several edifices stand beiside the football field .
a river, some buildings and many green trees are close to a viaduct .
there are five white columnar tanks in a fan shaped area near a stretch of railway and two huge buildings with white roofs .
there's a torn black outline on the desert .
a bridge is built over the river .
an arched building and an orthogonal building are made up of advertising which is at the corner of the roads .
these densely populated areas are in front of an ocean .
there is a rectangular football playground inside the ring of huge white circular ceiling .
there are many large trees on both sides of the wide road .
there's a meadow with a rhombus grid .
a tract of dense bushes cover the area .
the house surrounded by trees is next to a river .
above the river is a beautiful bridge .
the house near which there is a swimming pool is surrounded by trees .
on the circular square is a round building with trees planted along side orderly .
the waves are crashing on the beach .
the area which is at the junction of the road and the river owns two football fields, some tennis courts and basketball courts .
there's a playground in the middle of the earth .
are some blue factory buildings in the terrain surrounded by the extent of the saddle-shaped river .
on agricultural land there is a u-shaped river with two sand bars in it .
the park is located between two exactly same buildings and it includes a tennis court and a swimming pool .
the wide river lies across the extent of the earth with pieces of agricultural land and cities with dense houses .
there are many storage tanks on both sides of the river .
there are two fields back to back surrounded by trees .
in addition to a road and two lines of trees, a factory is built with blue and green roofs .
by the river there is a large church .
here is a pond between a beach and a tree belt with an unpaved road around .
an airport built on the ground has several square buildings parking apron with planes and runways .
the swimming pool is close to an l-shaped building with a grey roof and a zigzag building with a white roof on the beach .
the viaduct with a 8 shaped ramp is across the broad road .
there is a herbaceous median and three herbaceous areas with bare trees in the parking lot .
thare is a reflection of the fence on the infield of baseball field .
the huge platform of the rectangular station closes the station with a silver ceiling is above the pin-shaped rails .
there is a pond with green water surrounded by trees and some houses .
between the beach and a road there is a seaside resort with red roof houses decorated with coconut trees and swimming pools .
the viaduct has four symmetrical rings of ramps .
in front of the sea is a vast beach .
some trucks are on bare ground .
the ground track playground is next to a bend .
agricultural land in different colors is close to a city .
the football field and baksetball courts scatterin this block .
the area beside the road consists of a football field, a few rows of buildings and a round green belt .
there are some rocks scattered on the beach and under sea water .
next to the park is a wide road .
there are rows of storage tanks connected by paths lying on the lawn .
the river forks bends to two directions .
the trails in the area is straight with rows of houses located along compactly .
some apartments on the lawn is near some trees .
some ships and ships are moored in a port with factory buildings around .
there's a circular building in the middle of the field .
the two white buildings with a circular truncated cone appearance is located on a square with white curves .
a row of trees were planted in the school .
there's a lot of cars running on the road .
a large number of large trees are planted here .
the turbid river crosses the prairie with shrubs .
a t-shaped traffic system combines with complex viaducts is next to dense buildings and a football playground .
the area has a large grey roof of the house .
many grey roof houses were built around the parking lot .
there are many rivers flowing through the mountain .
on the coast of a town near the hills there is a port with sailboats in the harbour basin .
many trees have been planted on this vast earth .
next to the road is a large factory area .
the place in the forest contains several lawns for picnic .
rails coming out of a huge white station platform converge towards the fusion zone .
a motorway and some baulks separate agricultural land into a triangular region .
there's a viaduct next to a factory .
the colour of the sea gradually changes from coast to deep sea .
there are a few blocks with buildings .
this area is a densely populated area .
there is a meadow with arch stripes next to the road with trees .
there are a few houses near the beach .
there are two great lakes on earth .
many large buildings have been built in this area .
among the trees are some blue roof factory buildings .
several rows of cars gathering at the corner of the street where a blue green roof church is standing with a square .
the tortoise river is located across the green country .
a large airport was built on the ground .
many upper passages have been built in this area .
a lambdoidal separates the residential that includes trees and many cars .
the net-shaped oval building next to some square buildings is under construction .
there are parking lots on both sides of the road .
the orange desert has a white pattern like the sea spray on it .
at the corner of two roads there is a residential area with two parking lots and trees around the apartments .
huge white station platform are above the pin-shaped rails .
earth is a vast green field .
many large trees are planted in the park .
there's a lake in front of a white roof .
a short, slender bridge connects two banks of the river .
the waves break against the wet sands .
we can see a trapezoid parking lot full of cars .
the football playground is surrounded by gray track .
it passes from dark green to white from the foot to the top of the mountains .
there is a glass roof on the church near some trees and white roof buildings .
there are some cars stopping under the huge stadium with a ring of red blearchers .
the airport built on the ground has some runway buildings and an asphalt .
the square grey is surrounded by streets and parking lots that are filled with parked cars .
the rails coming out of the huge grey rectangular ceiling are in the confluence zone .
there is a port with trees and buildings .
a city is located on the river bank with an island .
there's a river next to the bare earth .
there's a dry lake in the desert .
there is a parking lot with cars near two square buildings .
on both sides of the road are houses with grey roofs .
a round pond is found in the agricultural land that is dark .
there is a dark part on the khaki desert .
this is a huge playground with basketball courts and tennis courts planned orderly inside .
a dock with three rows of docked cargo ships is located on a river bank crossing a bridge .
we can see a playground near some buildings and a bare ground with several trees .
next to the road is a large factory .
there are unique buildings with red roofs .
many white boats are parked in the port .
the lake cover the most area of the lake .
the green plants grow on the beach and the spray of the sea is brilliant .
the yacht sails in the river with small houses to it .
there are three red beams on the deck of the bridge .
this land has a great baseball field .
rows of buildings are planned orderly with a basketball court nearby .
surrounded by a circular road and trees, the stadium has a colorful stand and a white awning .
there is a pond surrounded by roads with some buildings .
the playground is located near the intersection of two roads, and we can clearly see the bright blue swimming pool on the roof of the nearby building .
diamond advertising is on the side of the road near a naked country .
the vast earth is a bare earth .
the sepia land is decorated by plates .
many trees were planted around the lake .
pieces of agricultural land and trees are at the river .
the rectangular and circular farmland is white and dark green .
there's a pool behind the house .
between a river and a paved road there is a playground near a unpaved road .
the ground track playground is next to parking lot .
the agricultural land in this area is divided into small plots .
many large trees were planted around the red houses .
a well symmetrical diamant-shaped viaduct with four ring-shaped ramps is surrounded by finishing buildings .
there are two square buildings surrounded by plants on the beach .
this vast expanse is a vast grazing area .
there are eight white columnar tanks occupies a trapezoidal area .
the station was built in this area .
there's a playground in the middle of the field .
the cottages in the residential are between two roads .
there's a factory with cars parked around it .
the yellow green meadow is located at a turn of the road .
there's a playground near the building .
dark blue swimming pools buildings with living meadow roofs are at the corner of the island .
there is a harbour basin with a sea wall near a railway and some buildings .
rows of trees are planted on both sides of the road .
the water park has slides a annular swimming pool and other sheet pools .
the suspension bridge joins the banks covered by trees .
the port with two walls is built on the coast of the city with boats moored compactly .
many large trees have been planted on the pasture .
there's a big green lawn near the school .
many residential areas are located around the viaduct .
there is a tall building in the center of the square near a parking lot .
there is a bareland covered by white snow .
two large storage tanks were built on the ground .
hills close and are at the river .
a large number of white vessels stationed in the port .
some red flats encircle the square which includes a circular lawn and some grotesque sod .
there's some bare land in the prairie .
the house with a bath near it is on the meadow .
we can see three storage tanks and a long building standing on the concrete triangle on the lawn .
next to the lake is a house with a white roof .
there is rectangular pond with a regular bank made of pebbles .
the viaduct is connected to the broad road by a eight shaped ramp .
a leisure resort was built near the beach .
this area not only has regular football field and basketball courts but also has an artificial lake .
the beach near the ocean is wet with water .
the terminal buildings including three circular buildings  tarmac and runways are built in the field of sparse grass  with one plane parked on the tarmac .
there is a pond with some black or dark spots next to the desert .
latied agricultural land is close to thwatwise agricultural land .
rails in the rectangular area surrounded by buildings are in fusion zone .
a church with red brick roofs and a regular blue green octagonal pyramidal roof is located close to a parking lot and sports grounds .
many trees are planted on the mountain .
several aircraft of different size are at the airport .
pieces of agricultural land are found on the banks of the rapidly flowing river .
the area is well-organized, including buildings, a football field, a swimming pool, basketball courts and orderly cars .
there are some black patterns of irregular shape on the desert .
there are two dry rivers with branches on the desert .
around the port is a large lawn area .
some buildings and green trees are close to a viaduct .
the parking lot is full of cars .
many lawns are planted on both sides of the river .
some boats are moored in the harbour with blue roof buildings .
the pond looking like a boxing glove surrounded by bareland with few trees .
some trees stand on the meadow .
there are sports grounds near a waste ground .
in the fan-shaped area there are houses built along the arc roads compactly .
we can see a playground between a river and some buildings .
there are stripes and some black hummocks on the desert .
many grey buildings and many green trees are on both sides of a road in a school .
the cordate pond next to a house with white roof is surrounded by greenland .
there is a round square with five radial paths curved around .
there is a piece of rectangular ruins in this desert .
the ground track playground is surrounded by trees .
here we can see a meadow with a few pieces of bare land .
many plants were planted on both sides of the river .
on the corner of a cross there is a series of buildings whose shapes include the shape of arc and triangle leaves next to which is a square decorated with oval lawns .
the river is across the farmlands .
next to the road is a metal triangle building located on a square .
the place of the octagon has paths on four sides and black corridors on the other sides .
there is a circular swimming pool like a roundabout on the coast along which there are some yachts .
with three sea walls, the port is located near a road and some buildings .
there are three huge columnar tanks in the area .
there is a viaduct to the bell mouth with two circles surrounded by the dense jungle .
there are several ships in the river .
the port with rectangular harbour basin is built near lines of buildings .
many trees are planted around the large square .
there are many white storage tanks on both sides of the road .
there are three buildings and two grandstands with awnings around the football field .
roads and viaducts form a cross on a saddle-shaped line .
grassland cover large area of the park surrounded by dense houses .
along the roads there are some houses with grey roof and white walls on the lawns with trees .
a dome building was built next to the road .
both bacterial colonies and green dots are dispersed on residual land .
there's a lot of cars on the road .
near the beach there is a building at high elevation and some houses in the resort .
on the bare earth, you can see the red shadow of irregular shape with blurred edges .
rows of trees are planted around the house with a yellow roof .
the big parking lot isn't full .
this is a green mountain and a khaki plain near it .
a long bridge was built over the river .
rows of trees were planted around the lake .
the dense forest is airtight .
there is a place covering a large area surrounded by trees .
there is a great stadium in the center of the earth .
there is a large seaside resort next to the ocean .
the dark green rectangular ceilings are above the rails converge towards the melting zone .
the path bends towards another direction in the dense forest .
the ground track playground is next to a piece of bareland .
on both sides of the road were rows of grey roofs .
there are green trees and dead trees planting along a road and the edges of a meadow .
the pond looking like a jellyfish is next to a arc shaped road .
black villas with some trees are next to a road .
the forest is dense and dark green .
we can see a triangular pond and a plygon pond curved with trees and paths around .
there are unique buildings surrounded by meadows .
through the orange toll station there is a bell viaduct .
in front of the beach is a vast ocean .
the blue dormitory church located in a block of rhombus with trees is surrounded by a few houses with grey roof .
close to the beach there are two blocks of buildings, one of which has four swimming pools .
there's a playground next to the road .
this is a tract of bareland with some striped trace and two rectangular mounds .
there is a road across the open khaki desert .
here is a playground next to a lawn with trees growing on .
there are cars stopping around the house near which there are two pieces of rectangular agricultural land .
some fields have been planted with rows of large trees .
an outdoor swimming pool is located next to the brown roof .
there is a huge rugby field with a ring of stands rounded by buildings .
the huge platform of the station is above the rails in the shape of a pin .
there is a port near the hills and towns with boats and boats moored or sailing in it .
there's a lot of boats in the harbor .
there's a lot of bare ground around the airport .
a truck is driving on bare ground .
near an agricultural land there is a residential area in which there are compactly built houses with brick red roofs .
there is a church in black and white located in the corner of a cross with other buildings .
the park with different swimming pools is next to a parking lot .
there we can see a green and brown mountain .
there is a factory near a road decorated with some trees .
near a residential area there is a factory with a few small squares on its sandwiched roof between a railway and a road .
on both sides of the river, there are many grey houses covered .
the close construction of the terminal between some square buildings and the runways has a few planes parked along it .
we can see rows of parked cars along the street around red roof buildings among which is a church .
there is a tent and other masses scattered on the prairie with a road passing by .
the waves are crushing on the wet sand .
located among the buildings the stadium has a colorful stand .
advertising is located in several streets next to the highway .
two blue columnar tanks standing in a rectangular field near a factory .
the buildings with red roofs are distributed along both sides of the central axis .
the huge silver rectangular station is above the pin-shaped rails .
some aircraft are standing on a parking apron located between the brown field with runways built on it and some buildings .
the ridge separates brown agricultural land like a leaf .
on the red brown desert there are some river channels with water in some parts .
this large surface of bare earth is very wide .
there's a wide road next to the square .
two intersections divide the clear green agricultural land into six pieces .
there's a factory next to the river .
there's a lawn next to the parking lot .
there is a factory with workshops and some columnar tanks .
we can see two parallel bridges with a railway and roads on respectively located above the river and a road along it .
there's a wide road around the lake .
a beautiful park is built next to the road .
here is a road and a railway bridge across the river and two roads on a shoreline .
there is a port with ships moored near some storage tanks and buildings .
the square is surrounded by a row of residential areas .
there are cars that stop under the huge, unique buildings .
a row of bow of houses and a row of houses to the sea surrouds the blue pool .
a few white blocks meet in the agricultural land of the aqua .
the pond is trapezoidal in one side of which there are some trees and in other sides of which there are many tracts of farmland .
there is a house with a red roof z next to the wide road .
there are some strong rocks near the beach .
there's a big river next to the factory .
the tortoise river is across the prairie .
the imminent river is located through the hermetic forest .
several tennis courts are situated at the street corner, embellished by some coconut trees .
next to the playground is a house with a blue roof .
there is a big trapezoidal pond of green water .
an airport was built in this area .
a road is diagonally across the river with bare plants and soils on each bank .
there are apartment buildings and compact homes at the intersection .
the area has built many red covered houses .
the bow-shaped swimming is located at the corner of the beach resort near the beach .
many cars are parked next to the road .
this exercise yard coloured with orange and green contains a football field, a baseball field, three tennis courts and three basketball courts .
here is a railway bridge crossing the river and a road with two junctions of t through which there are some blue roof buildings .
parking is a great road .
a stadium with a breeze on the roof is built on the square near a parking lot .
a round building with blue glass on the roof is sandwiched between a road and a railway as well as other buildings and parked cars .
the curved road divide the area into two parts and the playground is located in the larger one .
on the beach there is a high-end complex with a garden and swimming pools .
next to some trees is a parking lot near the road with trucks and cars .
on one side of the snowy mountain it is covered with plant while on the other side it is naked .
the cottages of the residential hiding place in the forest .
there are rows of residential areas next to the road .
there are a few pieces of green areas on the brown prairie with several trees scattered around .
here we can see a fan-shaped area with several curved blocks where trees and lawns are sandwiched by two lines of houses .
arc-shaped viaducts cross the earth .
the parking lot is close to the pool next to a building in the shape of l woth a red roof on the beach .
many large storage tanks were built next to the road .
there is a factory with white and blue roofs .
there's a white car parked next to the road .
there's no water in the desert .
the buff land is decorated by plates .
among the forest four houses with three swimming pools built on the coast .
there are several narrow lines of parked cars on the parking lot .
there are many yellow roof houses next to the road .
in the factories there is a railway and some roads .
square parking and factory buildings are built on concrete with a road through .
there's a river near the building .
there is a school with buildings standing between trees and lawns .
the silver-gray building cast a shadow over the basketball court .
houses with gardens are built compactly in these blocks of ploygon .
a large area of large trees has been planted on the ground .
there is a port near residential building lines .
the residential with black villages is in the center of the forest .
a church shaped like a green blue cross with a pyramidal roof is located on a square surrounded by red roof houses and a parking lot .
next to the road there is a playground with yellow and white stands .
the station is combined by a huge building surrounded by a parking lot and the platform of the blue station above the rails .
on both sides of the road there are a large number of white plants .
in front of a parking lot with three cars there is a trapezoid parking lot between two roads full of cars .
the white waves throw themselves against the wet sands .
the factory here near a road has some buildings with a different roof color .
the corss separates the advertisement into two pieces and one is next to a repository .
there's a lot of big trees around the lake .
the arc-shaped viaduct is connected to the right road by ramps .
near the busy street, there are a large area of grassland, silver-gray buildings and a baseball field .
the stadium is located near a river with a parking lot .
the sea is calm and we can see that there is a building offshore .
there are cars and street lamps in the parking lot .
an oval building with glass strips on its roof is located at the turn of several paths decorated by lawns and trees .
there are trees in front of the rooms of huge buildings .
many large buildings were built on both sides of the road .
the area of the forest is very wide .
there are several masses of vegetation with irregular shape in the sea while some vegetation grows on the beach .
there are three mice like grey buildings of different size located on the semi-circle square which is at the turn of the road .
there is a large station in the middle of the region .
there is a vast tract of huge bare rock hills surrounded by maroon soil .
on both sides of the road are houses lined with grey roofs .
the dark green forest is dense and hermetic .
the ploygon building with brown roof and glass roof near the road is lying on a lawn among the trees .
there is a bare mountain with a river in the valley .
many large trees are planted on both sides of the road .
the park looking like a window is combined by one piece of square land and a piece of a a semicular land .
on both sides of the river is a large area of agricultural land .
here is an uninhabited basin on the coast with boats compactly moored in it .
next to the road is a large factory .
there's a playground next to the road .
many trees were planted around the airport .
there are several planes on the airfield .
some large white storage tanks were built in the factory .
the train garage is next to a river .
there's an airport on the bare ground .
it's a large area of bare land .
here is a residential area with cars and trees around .
large areas of trees are planted in the forest .
there are a lot of storage tanks in the plant .
the interlaced viaduct is combined with multilayered roads .
two parallel roads divide these buildings into three blocks in the middle of which there is a church with a cross-shaped roof .
the dark green agricultural land that loses as moss is between a clear green agricultural land and a few whites .
a swimming pool is in the corner of the resort is on the beach .
there are some houses with gardens built facing different directions where the curved roads pass .
next to the road is a large outdoor parking lot .
there's a big lake next to the road .
many large buildings are built in the park .
there is a playground in front of the white house .
we can see a meadow with stripes of green and brown .
a residential area on both sides of the road .
dense residential areas on both sides of the road .
the main colour of the courts near the football field is orange, which is quite eye-watching .
many small black fish are in the pond .
part of the mountain is naked and snowy while the other part is green and brown .
there's a bare ground next to the football field .
several rivers flow through the high mountain .
there are some gray buildings in the school, including a building with a dome and a tower with a blue green roof .
some houses were built near the vast agricultural land .
the bridge has a white a vaulted beam .
the tennis court is near the grassland and is under a huge building .
many trees are planted on earth .
a row of trees were planted next to the pasture .
the green mountain has a khaki texture of tree roots .
the narrow port is built between buildings with boats moored in .
many trees are planted near the beach .
the block formed by two roads has a football field, a basketball court and several buildings .
the yellow path crosses the dense forest .
the green and creamy agricultural land looks like a checker .
the two drop-shaped terminal buildings are surrounded by airplanes on the asphalt that is adjacent to a runway with four oval lawns in it .
there are some scattered vegetation on the beach .
parallel to a herbaceous median there are three lines of cars in the parking lot .
lots of cars parked in the parking lot .
behind the distinctive buildings, a football field and several courts can be seen .
there is no plant on the bare earth .
there's a lot of bare land near the airport .
the viaduct has four symmetrical rings of ramps .
waves licking the shoreline by stirring a long white spray line .
roads and rivers can be seen in the valleys .
many viaducts are built in this area .
the park is surrounded by a densely populated area .
the dark green forest is dense and hermetic .
an artificial lake was built in the park .
the mountain is naked with snow on top while in the valley it is green .
on the corner of the cross is a white plygon building lying on a square .
some white roof buildings and roads are surrounding a church that has a tower and a cross-shaped roof .
the long river flows through the vast earth .
this mountain range has grown a large number of large trees .
the four baseball field forms into a round .
there is a parking apron with planes parked between certain buildings and net-shaped runways .
four half-tours parterre is located on the four sides of the square that is on the lawn .
many green agricultural land has been planted on the ground .
the parking lot, a basketball court and a building make up this square .
on both sides of the road are rows of densely populated areas .
there's a long road over the river .
the plant has a large number of blue plants .
many trees are planted around the building .
many trees are planted on both sides of the bridge .
many trees and lawns were planted around the house .
sparse trees in the trapezoidal park .
a road passes through the yellow meadow decorated with some green trees .
on both sides of the road are blue and grey roof of the factory .
the round ground is a baseball field .
the grey green land has many gullies .
the dense houses are close to each other .
located on a square surrounded by a pond  there is a circular stadium with two crescent shaped awnings .
there are many large buildings on both sides of the road .
many different storage tanks have been built on the ground .
next to the ranch is a wide road .
many large trees were planted around the square .
there are seven white columnar tanks near a road with two tracks .
there are two white cars driving in the parking lot .
there are pieces of farmland on the river .
a long river flows through the mountain .
you can see that a river a meadow a piece of trees and a road is around the house with a swimming pool .
the texture of the golden desert is like the fish scale .
there are two playgrounds in the field .
there are hummocks in the desert .
the school here is sandwiched between a forest and a residential area .
a fur road separates green agricultural land from grass .
a large grey roof house was built around the station .
latte advertising is separated by several crosses .
the sea beats the golden sands .
some storage tanks have been built on the ground .
on the desert are some broken edges irregular patterns .
a long bridge was built over the river .
this area is the economic center of the city .
there's no plant on this beach .
the dark green agricultural land is next to a cream-coloured agricultural land .
a playground was built in the school .
four white columnar tanks near a parking lot stand in a line .
next to the road is a large seaside resort .
there are plenty of free parking spaces in the parking lot .
one square and two rounds consist of the square which is located in a diamond lawn .
there is a star like construction with planes all around lying on the parking apron .
houses with grey roofs are arranged between lawns and trees near which there is a sports ground .
the residential that has cottages is along the street .
an artificial lake was built in the park .
the small playground is at the triangular area formed by buildings and streets .
in the forest there is a v-shaped river with an area of buildings on the shore .
the dark green forest is dense and hermetic .
two curved quadrangular ponds are surrounded by an unpaved road with trees along the road and in the pond .
next to the large river is a large park .
the mountain here is green and yellow .
there is a big piece of reflection on the ground track field .
on the yellow green meadow there is a bare land area with tents on it .
this irregular area embraced by a footpath includes two exactly same tennis courts .
there is a wide road outside the stadium .
there are some lawns around the round lake .
there is a football playground int the center of the ring of the huge rectangular filmy ceiling .
there are some light colored arc shaped land in this khaki desert .
the bow shaped through the greenery is so clear that people can see its bed .
on both sides of the road are rows of residential areas .
there is a parking lot with cars sandwiched by a road and some buildings .
the tiny houses and trees covered the area .
the broad road is across the stretch of river like a boomerang .
we can see a square harbour basin on the coast with boats moored side by side .
lattice farmland is green and creamy .
at the corner of an intersection there is a parking lot full of cars near a house with solar cells on the roof .
this naked earth has a dispersed veined texture .
there are straight lanes as well as arc lanes along which there are some houses built near each other .
there's a pool behind the brown house .
there's an eyot in the arc-shaped river .
there is a large parking lot next to the road .
black and red chalets distribute along the road .
three tennis courts are located here orderly and decorated by some trees .
there are some white lines on the prairie with two areas of bare land .
the park with playgrounds is surrounded by dense blocks .
next to the sea is a large port .
the turf of the playground was almost polished and there were many people on the playground .
the baseball field is surrounded by a fan-shaped loop road with trees growing along it .
the houses went closely along the straight roads .
here are two blocks of compact residential areas .
here are two parking spaces separated by a herbaceous median with a bare tree nearby .
the house with dark green roof is surrounded by trees .
many houses are located next to the road .
some alleys separate advertising that is white and black in pieces .
on the parking apron there is a semi circular building connected with a long narrow buildings with planes parked along .
there's a big river under the bridge .
eight villas are on both sides of an arched road .
there are several circular pits on the desert .
there is a grey roof near the baseball field .
here is a factory including a parking lot and a sports ground .
in the grassland  there are many thirty eight columnar storagetanks of different sizes .
the stadium with a white awning is located on a square with parking lots with no cars .
a bridge is the water of the river that has a branch and some buildings on a shoreline .
the wing-shaped square contains bare land and trees .
a piece of dense trees and pieces of agricultural land are on the shore of the arc-shaped river .
many trees and lawns were planted along the river .
the bridge over a river and woods along it is divided at each bridge head .
the pool is among five independent villas with white roofs .
there is a house near a square coconut tree on the lawn with coconut trees scattered around .
a square church with two towers is located between two e-shaped buildings with roads and streets around .
blueish green voids can be seen among the dark green mountain .
a large number of white ships were parked around the port .
the narrow long terminal with a certain plane along is built near circular roads as a network with cars parked between them and the other side of the building is field and tracks .
outside the stadium there are rows of grey roof houses .
a small amount of grass on the beach .
on one side of the river is the bare earth .
there are two football fields on the baseball fields surrounded by trees .
rows of large trees were planted on both sides of the road .
it is green on the mountain while it is yellow at the bottom of the mountain .
it wide road is flanked by a large area of bare land .
five planes stay on a square airport with some buildings next to it .
two circular ramps of the viaduct form in shape like the eyes of an owl .
an old football field, a baseball court and a parking lot form this rectangular area .
black and red white cars are parked in the parking lot with trees around .
there is a baseball pitch surrounded by parking with cars trails coconut buildings and other trees .
there's a lot of bare ground near the airport .
the pond with trees in it is next to a piece of trees and a tract of farmland .
a closed swimming pool is among the ring of buildings with red roofs .
there are tiny buildings with red roof in the school near the river .
a large t-shaped pool and a white building are on the beach .
there is a disorder texture on the bare earth .
there are many large storage tanks in the plant .
we can see a harbour basin on the beach near a parking lot and some buildings .
a curved river and the road surround the agricultural land that is clear green with some trees .
a football field, a shell-shaped gymnasium, and a number of basketball courts are all under the fog .
there's a long river around the plant .
the football field is surrounded by lush trees, filled with fog over it .
several crosses divide advertising into pieces .
there are two tennis courts on each side of the building .
many white houses were built around the storage tank .
there is a runway at the corner of an intersection near a lawn with trees .
the houses are in tight rows along the streets .
there is a gardens with a circular square in the middle of the block with compactly arranged grey roof houses near the road .
the white baulk divides the dark green agricultural land .
high-speed public next to a large airport .
the airport covers a large area and has many planes .
the river blows through the yellow desert .
there are many people who play both in the sea and on the beach .
a church with roofs in black and white or red brick has a few cars parked in the yard .
the school has tiny buildings with dark blue roofs .
many rivers cross the high mountains .
a large number of trees were planted around the square .
tennis courts, basketball courts, football field, baseball field and swimming pool are the parts of this park, surrounded by a curved road .
in front of the beach is a vast ocean .
there is a park with islands on bare land .
many trees are planted in the park .
a raod crosses agricultural land that is green and cream-coloured .
the tennis courts are located at the gap between the houses and the street .
a grey and blue round building is built at the turn of a road with trees and lawns next to it .
the viaduct has four symmetrical ramp rings with scattered trees in them .
we can see the waves break against the beach .
there's a park on the corner of an intersection .
in this area at the road corner, a standard, new footballfield with two basketball courts aside can be seen .
the round area is a baseball field .
rivers can be seen in the mountain valley .
the pin-shaped rails covered with four red-banded ceilings are surrounded by houses .
no parking spaces in the parking lot .
the bridge with a train in its center is across the gulf with a eyot .
a square that is like half a long oval is next to a street containing some bare trees .
next to the road is a large industrial area .
a half-old is situated near the distictive buildings .
the sandwiched terminal buildings between a circular road and a parking apron consists of a curved building and two rectangular buildings .
the round square with some radialized trails is surrounded by the forest .
next to the beach there is a factory with parking spaces in it .
a house with a grey roof in front of a storage tank .
the saddle-shaped river section is across the earth with pieces of trees and farmland .
the top of the mountain is covered with snow .
a white car and a red car stop at home next to a twisted stretch of road .
there is a road across the bareland with free gullies .
the agricultural land of the water lies between two rows of tortuoso trees .
next to the road was a vast meadow .
the green football playground next to ten basketball playground is close to the small buildings on the greenlaand .
every villa here are planned in a orderly way with a baksetball court in this block .
there is a large lawn next to the playground .
here is a mountain with khaki and white on the ridges and green in the valleys .
the right side of the road has a s-shaped ramp .
a row of grey houses covered near a baseball field .
there are four baseball fields in the four corner of the field .
a large number of residential areas are located around the viaduct .
next to the playground is a house with a grey roof .
there is a parking apron with a plane lying on the brown field on which there are six smaller planes between two runways .
the river flows through the vast earth .
here's a ridge with white rivers in the folds .
the circular square in the lawn with some circumferential path around is surrounded by some trees .
the road h is in the center of the residential and surrounded by some villas .
a rectangular station platform on the pin-shaped rails .
many trees are planted on both sides of the river .
some cars are parked in parking spaces while others are parked along a street .
on the hard yellow soil  there are bare rock hills .
rivers and roads wind through the green mountain .
some trees and the cottages are in a corner of the residential .
there is a building with swimming pool located between a parking lot full of cars and a lawn with masses of different colors scattered around .
in the seaside resort next to a beach there are buildings and some coconut trees .
the sparkling rush to the sand leaving spray around a rock on the coast .
there is a triangular building and a few square buildings with trees along the road .
there is a parking lot including a white building where a few bare trees were scattered .
there is a large tree next to the vast pasture .
there is an outdoor pool in the park .
there is a triangular pond next to a piece of trees  a parking lot and some tiny villas with gray roof .
some containers are dispersed in the plant .
the huge platform of the station is above the rails in the shape of a pin .
a large number of white vessels stationed in the port .
the park is surrounded by villas .
the curly pond is surrounded by white sand .
advertising is full of cars and curved paths .
a pond with some trees around it is located at the end of a road .
a rectangular church with a big and four small round roofs is located on a rounded triangle red square  enclosed by three roads with trees planted along .
there are two large baseball fields on this earth .
advertising that has several buildings with light white top is in a fan-shaped neighborhood .
a four-angle striped blue green building is surrounded by rows of lawn trees roads and other buildings .
a greenish triangle grey pond with a white shadow is located on the desert .
on one side of the lake was a bare land .
the snowy mountain is green and brown .
on both sides of the road are grey houses .
the river is across the country rolling with highways .
there's a bare road in the middle of the field .
a large number of white storage tanks in the plant .
there's a narrow road around the farm .
agricultural land in several rectangles is white and green .
the football playground has a old rectangular grandstand .
the rectangular building is a railway station .
a trade full of green trees distributes in several blocks .
white advertising in the neighborhood that is full of trees is next to a road .
there are two baseball fields  an athletic track  four tennis courts and a swimming pool .
the limpid pond surrounded by yellow land with sparse trees is like a glove .
a church consisting of a series of square buildings near a road has a khaki roof while other buildings around have white roofs .
the lake is surrounded by a large residential area .
the top of the mountain is covered with snow .
there is a grey site located in the khaki desert .
there is a factory with white trucks and blue containers next to two roads .
the turtle river is crossed by greenery .
in a block there is a roof church shaped like a cross .
some green trees are around an oval stadium with a football pitch in it .
next to the road is a large seaside resort .
the plant has several parking lots, one of which is filled with automobiles .
the football field and its stands make up a circle .
an oblique road separates clear green agricultural land into two parts .
a white boat in the vast sea .
a river flows through the vast earth .
there is a factory with roads along three of its edges .
several orange and green tennis courts sit side by side beside the road .
there's a huge factory next to the road .
there's a little lake in the desert .
in the middle of the forest there is a grey roof house .
the houses are built side by side along the curved paths .
the sea has a fish scale shape texture .
there are many trees and lawns around the square .
the ground track playground is next to two gray rectangular buildings .
a star-shaped viaduct is surrounded by dense buildings .
the playground consisting of two courts is next to a c-shaped building .
in this irregular place, there are some tennis courts and a shabby baseball field .
a trust bridge is built to connect between the two sides of the river .
the pake is distributed along the lake .
the two bridges with gridding steel beams joins the back covered by trees .
on the square is a stadium with bowl shaped bleachers and an white awning .
there are a few boats in the port with curved sea walls as well as a parking lot .
the torrid mud road is located through the forest .
many cars are crossing the t road that divides advertising into three pieces .
many white storage tanks were built on the lawn .
a row of trees is between two lines of chalets .
there is a rectangular playground inside the ring of huge white circular ceiling .
there are many large buildings on both sides of the road .
a large number of large buildings have been built in this area .
the square is located in the middle of the road .
many buildings are close to a complicated viaduct with some cars .
the pond looking like a high heel shoe is next to five villas and a tract of red and green trees .
a row of trees were planted around the stadium .
a range of dense bushes cover the area .
advertising that has many buildings in different styles is separated by some roads .
a lot of people play on the beach .
dark green advertising is next to a main road .
the trees around the parking lot cast shadows on him .
many white storage tanks were built in the factory .
the baseball field is inside the grassland, with a basketball court and two tennis courts at the corner .
in one of the blocks there is a church with a black and white roof .
there are seven baseball fields in the field  three of which form into a three fourths round and four of which form int a square .
there are a few blocks divided by straight roads with gardens in the center and houses on the edges .
these great trees are planted on earth .
there are three baseball fields on the field .
a large number of large buildings were built in the centre of the city .
there's a factory next to a forest .
a long river flows through the mountain .
huge trees cast a huge shadow over these two tennis courts .
we can see that a unique zigzag build a swimming pool a parking lot and two tennis courts are in the station .
chalets with cars and courtyard are on the roadside .
the rectangular pond close to the trapezoidal pond is next to a building with a parking lot surrounded by trees .
many large buildings have been built here .
on the side of the street was a beautiful church .
the broad viaduct is connected to the twisty road by ramps .
there are two buildings on the coast .
there are many large buildings on both sides of the road .
there's a big lake next to the road .
the polygonal square next to a huge buildings like a boomerang is combined by three pieces of grassland .
there are fan shaped arenaceous deposit which is the result of the rushing water .
the land is a great green agricultural land .
there is a road between two rooms of huge buildings .
there are many fields near the port .
there is an advertising board above one side of the grandstand in the stadium surrounded by some buildings .
buildings with grey roofs are distributed along both sides of the road .
two parellel streets form this block, including a grren football field, six tennis courts and different kinds of buildings .
a large airport was built on the ground .
the trapezoidal pond is next to a straight road and a similar pond .
there is a circular road at the end of a path around which are some houses located on the grass .
beside a road  there is a football field with parking lots without a car .
some of the mountains are covered with snow .
the saddle-shaped river is across the earth with cities and agricultural lands .
six blocks of buildings can be seen in the factory .
the agricultural land that is clear green looks like a leaf .
the infields of five baseball fields form into a pentagon .
there is a long bridge over the great river .
a black hummock line can be seen on the desert .
the oval-shaped meadow is surrounded by tiny buildings with red roofs .
there are two green trees and a dead tree on the prairie .
at the corner of an intersection there is an elliptical stage .
there is a large area of agricultural land around the river .
there are a few clusters of trees that grow on the meadows of brown and green .
there are some white storage tanks near two lines of houses with trees .
some cars are parked in the parking lot near a yellow lawn .
the residential area with compact construction houses is divided by a road and several parallel wooden belts .
we can see brown plants growing on the beach and the white sea spraying in the sea .
the great earth is a vast desert .
a wide road was built above the river .
there's a long bridge over the river .
there's a house around the big baseball field .
the park with playgrounds is surrounded by dense houses .
there are many baksetball courts side by side while the turf of the football field has been yellowish .
there are two large storage tanks in this area .
the is a white church in the corner of the oval shaped park .
a large number of trees were planted around the plant .
there is a tarmac and brown rectangular field surrounded by runways .
there's a road on the bare earth .
the arc-shaped river drains into the right river .
near a river there is a residential area with high-rise buildings as well as multi-storey buildings .
the river with pieces of agricultural land at it forks in two directions .
there's a piece of meadow in the dense forest .
the baseball field is next to a basketball field  a volleyball court and a tennis court .
there's a big building in the middle of the field .
there's a big place next to the road .
near the port is a dense residential area .
the pond is surrounded by yellow land with sparse trees .
the airport is very large .
the vast sea beats the sand .
a nattier blue shell-shaped building is surrounded by the red and grey building covers a large floor area .
the huge grey ceiling is above the rails .
small villas and a basketball court form this block .
there is a large park next to the wide road .
the parking apron with the aircraft parked on it is surrounded by terminal buildings and airport runways .
there's a lake on the bare earth .
rows of large trees were planted on both sides of the road .
many white planes are parked at the airport .
there is a factory near a road and a wood .
some buildings and green trees are around a stadium .
on both sides of the road were rows of covered blue houses .
next to some houses with swimming pools there are some boats in a port with a harbour basin .
there's a baseball field around the baseball field .
there's a lake in the middle of the earth .
two parallel waves of spraying coming towards the sands .
near the forest there are some factory buildings .
an arc road separates advertising and apartments .
there are two bridges over the river .
the blue building beside the football field is eye-watching .
there are nine white columnar tanks in three rectangular fields .
the park is surrounded by a dense residential area .
two swimming pools are surrounded by a ring of houses with living roofs next to a road to the sea .
an oval building connected to a ploygon building is located next to a lawn with trails and trees .
on either side of the river is a large area of green grass .
many cars were parked in the large parking lot .
there was a great lake on the bare earth .
many freighers are being across the bridge over the broad river .
some cars and trucks are parked in the parking lot .
this tennis court near the buildings is surrounded by lush plants .
the roundabout joining six roads surround several buildings .
the road with the cars traveling on connects a bareland with a byland of which both have boats parked along .
desert land is a vast desert .
there is a pin-shaped viaduct with many cars .
the white and light green agricultural lands are on both sides of a radish .
the buildings in the seaside resort near the beach have orange and red roofs .
there is a river ponds and buildings in the valley .
the football playground is surrounded by black track .
a ploygon terminal built on the asphalt has several planes parked along it .
there is a circular road and a few buildings built on the ground next to which is an airport consisting of asphalted terminal buildings with airplanes and parked runways .
four lines of cars and a white truck are parked on the parking lot next to the lawns .
a few folds can be seen on the desert .
we can see windy roads or rivers across the valley of this bare mountain .
there are a few apartments in tight rows in this residential area as well as a narrow long square .
there's a vast lake in the park .
there are factories next to two forests .
the house with brown roof is surrounded by dense woods .
a trapezoidal viaduct combined with three circles is decorated by the jungle .
the park with a blue pool surrounding the circular square is in the desert .
the suspension bridge is across the broad river .
the swimming pool is in front of an arch-shaped building with orange roof near the beach .
there are rings of rectangular buildings with red roofs near pin-shaped rails .
the ground track playground is next to a blue building .
the sea and white surfing curling on the beach .
dense bushes are under large trees .
there's a school in a forest .
above the great river lies a bridge .
an eight-figure viaduct is on the bare earth .
the residential includes the forest and cottages .
the field is a great baseball field .
agricultural land with various shades of green surrounds the road and a white house .
several oval and curved paths are located in the square that is surrounded by the neighborhoods .
there is a large rectangular meadow surrounded by small buildings .
the sea shines under the sun .
many ships were parked at the port .
many white planes were parked at the airport .
three parts of all agricultural land that are cream and grey and green are separated by rabies .
the toofball field and several tennis courts are located near the river .
the playground sits behind a t-shaped, black building .
the swimming is in the center of a zigzag ring of buildings next to a parking lot .
block apartment buildings are in tight rows with trees around them .
the house with khaki roof is on the side of the road .
the huge platform of the rectangular station closes the station with a silver ceiling is above the arc-shaped rails .
there are six silvery columnar tanks and six white columnar tanks in the grassland near a straight road .
the shoreline is straight and the sea has a fish scale-shaped texture .
two railways cross a ring-shaped viaduct .
on the lawn is a baseball field and three other sports grounds are in front of a street .
parking is symmetrical with some parked cars .
messy buildings surround this old playground in this area .
colorful cream and aqua farmland is between two forests .
the residential is in the center of an island that is covered with trees .
on the side of a railway there are several blocks of factory buildings with parked trucks .
surrounded by trees, the apartment buildings are divided into blocks .
next to the road is a large square .
near the station is a densely populated area .
there are some sports grounds and a stand next to the road with trees along .
the upper passageway is surrounded by dense houses .
there are a few parallel folds on the golden desert .
in the middle of the green grass is a house with a blue roof .
along a street are buildings with brick red roofs among which there is a church with a cross-shaped roof .
a large area of water lapping at the beach .
a track ground is located next to a viaduct with some buildings .
there is a road across the bareland of arenaceous soil .
the naked earth built a house with a grey roof .
some streets divide advertising into several pieces .
there's a factory with a river passing by .
green grass on both sides of the runway .
there is a house and a swimming pool located in a lawn near the forest with a plane parked on the lawn .
a viaduct is combined with a ring-shaped road on one side and a triquered road on the other side .
there are many densely populated areas around the park .
a large number of white ships were parked around the port .
a lake and buildings are in this theme park close to river .
curved roads and straight roads divide the residential area with compact houses into several blocks .
there's a big river in the middle of the forest .
there is a house with grey roof next to the road .
the pond next to a piece of white land is like a face of the british man .
these three tennis courts are coloured with green .
a church with several white domes is located in a block with a few houses around and a few parked cars along the street .
on each side of the square is a row of houses with grey roofs .
here is an area of apartment buildings between a river and a road .
this area is the economic center of the city .
part of the parking lot is in the shade of a building .
the saddle-shaped river surrounds the earth with pieces of agricultural land and dense houses .
the mountain with lakes and bare land in the valleys is snowed .
the dome of the large building is a church .
the suspension bridge is across the stretch of arc shaped river .
a large area of grass grows on the earth .
the rectangular square is separated by a road which is full of cars including some bare trees .
there's a mountain of grayish green .
the baseball fields is next to a football fields and a swimming pool .
parking with some cars has a herbaceous median on it .
on the hard yellow soil  there are bare rock hills .
rows of trees are planted on both sides of the road .
there's a gym in the middle of the field .
the viaduct is connected to the road by four symmetrical rings of ramps with trees in them .
there is a compact residential area with trees scattered around .
four aircraft are standing on a square runway bwteen bwteen netlike runways and several buildings .
many grey covered houses are located on both sides of the road .
advertising is divided into pieces by a few narrow alleys .
you can see seawater ripples on the sand .
there are several ports on the edge of the city .
at the corner of the road there is a roofed church with other buildings .
there are three white huge buildings and they are integrated with exuberant plants, tennis courts and a swimming pool .
there is a piece of bare land at the t junction of two unpaved paths on the prairie .
next to the beach is a large seaside resort .
some trees were planted around the pasture .
the angular rectangular pond has hard stony bank .
a path x separates the soda in the square that is surrounded on three sides by the road .
the bridge connects both sides of the river .
the football field is located near a l-shaped buildings and a construction site .
on the side of the road was a house with a yellow roof .
a large number of aircraft were parked at the rear of the airport .
narrow roads were built around the farm .
the circular building is a railway station .
many cars are scattered in beige advertising which is separated by some alleys .
the two straight roads and the arc roads can be seen along which the houses are side by side .
there's a cement trail through the denes forest .
there's a wavy pattern on the golden desert .
red and grey cottages are surrounded by trees .
here is a square parking lot with compactly parked cars in the middle and on the edges .
four blue tanks standing in a line and four white tanks standing in a line is near a parking lot with some cars .
there are two car stops at home with a swimming pool .
the pond is like a high heel shoe .
there's a river across the desert .
many large buildings were built on both sides of the bridge .
there are many large buildings in this area .
some trees grow on the yellow green meadow .
there is a port of ploygon with several boats near the road .
many trees were planted around the houses .
there's a big stadium next to the road .
there's a school near the road .
the playground has a ring of huge white ceiling .
in the forest there are a few tents in a small area .
the back to back baseball fields are next to a rectangular building .
the ground track playground is next to a road .
surrounded by the road the pond is close to a white building and a residential area .
the finished football field sits close to the street while other courts are under construction .
there is a road crossing on a road and a railway with two trains along which are some factory buildings .
the river is across the earth with dense trees .
there is a vertical road through a dry river among a few compactly arranged houses .
the round white building and a square building are surrounded by circular parking and a circular road .
we can see that near the white building next to a parking lot there are playgrounds .
advertising is surrounded by several parking lots and divided by an arterial road .
the ground track playground is next to buildings with red roof .
the houses with pecked red roofs are neatly arranged in blocks decorated with trees .
with two bridges crossing the estuary with residential areas along a port and a few sailboats in it .
this is a terminal building surrounded by passenger aircraft on the tarmac .
the rectangular square with a hexagon grassland is in the front of the huge church .
a highway is built above the river .
over the river is a suspended bridge and a railway bridge and each of them has three arches .
the round white building and some square buildings are surrounded by streets and red roof houses as well as cars parked around .
the river is across the earth with dense trees .
there are three irregular green forms in the naked country .
there's a lot of people playing here on the beach .
there is a unique swimming pool in the frond of the building with gray roof .
here's a river like a dark pattern on the desert .
an oval square surrounded by cars and apartments contains two long oval paths crossing .
the house is surrounded by carefully furnished vegetation and a straight road .
the river crosses the green is clear and flows quickly .
some cars run on the large bridge .
a football field with yellowish turf .
there's a playground in the middle of the field .
this vast area is a large park .
there is a t junction near some houses on the lawn .
white advertising with surrounding trees is next to a main road and some apartments .
there is a right angle in the river on agricultural land .
a port with sailboats and boats is located on the coast of a city .
many rivers cross the mountain .
the ground track playground is close to a road .
various of buildings embrace this rectangular playground .
there is a dense residential area near the upper passageway .
the earth is red with dark, nebulous shadows .
there is a diamond-shaped circulation system combined with an eight-figure viaduct .
two blue, hard tennis courts is next to the street and surrounded by trees .
there are some factory buildings in a valley with a road that snakes through .
dense buildings surrround this small-size exercise yard .
some dark green and white ponds intersperse in the rectangular farmland .
the big parking lot has a lot of cars .
there are densely populated areas on both sides of the river .
on the side of the station there is a bare land .
there are several narrow long blocks with two rows of compactly built houses in them .
the park is surrounded by villas .
there are many storage tanks in front of the orange fact .
the playground with a 'b' in the center and the greens courts aside is outstanding in this area since other buildings are white and gray .
there is a arc-shaped viaduct on the ramps in the form of clover leaves .
the suspension bridge is across the broad gulf .
the area of the forest is very wide .
there are many residential areas near the school .
there is a wide road in front of the airport .
next to the road there is a factory .
next to the road along a river there is a church with a black and white dome and a bow front wall as well as other buildings and trees .
this area is the economic center of the city .
the viaduct with a clover leaf-shaped ramp is at the other end of the road .
there are a lot of bare land around the airport .
on the coast of the city there are several ports with boats and boats moored .
on both sides of the road is a high quality residential area .
there's a holiday home on the beach .
this is a distinctive gray playground, sitting next to the grassland .
many basketball courts form a line which is is perpendicular to the football field .
some trees and lawns are distributed in the square with a round ground floor .
some trees are planted on a meadow .
a marble pattern can be seen on the orange and khaki desert .
the exercise yard made up of a football field and several courts are surrounded by rows of residential buildings with red roofs .
there are houses built side by side along the two parallel roads with gardens in the middle of each block .
the rails coming out of the platform of the reathangular station converge towards the next fusion zone a viaduct .
in the factory some narrow and long square buildings are lying on the concrete .
a large number of green trees grow along the river .
the ground track playground is surrounded by buildings .
